# Vitis HLS Source Code

This folder contains the MATLAB environment designed to simulate a 2 states (outputs) by 1 input state-space system, connected to the self-triggering Hands-off Control algorithm. More details about this system can be found in the article on the AMIQ Consulting blog post.

# Files contained:
- **state_integrator.m:** This function integrates the discrete-time state equations under the influence of a control signal, provided as input, and adds a disturbance signal to the state evolution, also given as an input to the function.

- **create_params.m:** This script creates the matrices and vectors used when formulating the numerical optimization problem corresponding to the L1 Optimal Control problem.

- **lp_ADMM_opt.m:** This function contains the implementation of the ADMM solver algorithm, particularized for LP problems. Furthermore, the solver has been optimized with respect to the block structure of the matrices involved in defining the L1 problem.

- **qp_ADMM_opt.m:** This function contains the implementation of the ADMM solver algorithm, particularized for QP problems. Furthermore, the solver has been optimized with respect to the block structure of the matrices involved in defining the Minimum Time problem.

- **hoc_solver.m:** This script solves the Hands-off Control problem for a given initial state and an imposed sparsity rate (this can be changed inside the script using variable “r”). After this, it plots the resulting unperturbed trajectory of the system for the generated control signals. 

- **min_time.m:** This script computes the solution to the Minimum Time problem for a given system and initial state. This problem is treated using a binary search-like approach, by subsequently checking for the existence of admissible control laws for multiple time horizons. The existence test is done through a QP problem.

- **sat_propulsion.m:** This script creates a simulation environment for the system-controller configuration. It simulates the trajectory of the controlled system, to which stochastic disturbances are also applied, meant to model various orbital external effects. After the simulation has been stopped by the user, the state trajectory, along with the control signals are plotted, over the total simulation time.

- **plot_states_input.m:** This function plots the state evolution and the control signals. It supports multiple state – input configurations.

- **parse_plot.m:** This script parses the “.dat” files generated by the Vitis HLS simulation. Afterwards, it plots the state trajectory and the synthesized control signals and calculates the sparsity rate achieved by the hardware control algorithm.

- **sat_propulsion.m** This script creates a simulation environment for the system-controller configuration. It simulates the trajectory of the controlled system, to which stochastic disturbances are also applied, meant to model various orbital disturbances. After the simulation has been stopped by the user, the state trajectory, along with the control signals are plotted, over the total simulation time.
